Resolves #2735 (#2834)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2016-ps/adfs/Set-AdfsGlobalAuthenticationPolicy.md

```

### -AllowDeviceAuthAsPrimaryForDomainJoinedDevices

> Allows to use device authentication as primary for domain joined devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows the use of device authentication as primary authentication for domain-joined devices.
```

> Allows the use of device authentication as primary authentication method for domain-joined devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows the use of device authentication as the primary type for domain-joined devices.
```
